sup dudes coming back at you with
another g 1 review this time we're going
to do the Encore reissue of generation 1
Ironhide there's his box with all the
pretty japanese writing on it which i
can't read but it looks very gentle one
so cool indeed you see the top of the
box there you get the different stages
of transformation etc just like the 80s
boxes little shot up what's on the side
the same on the other side and then i'll
show you the bottom here there you go in
the back typical battle scene stuff that
you would find on the 80s boxes more
writing i can't understand alright dude
that's the box onto the good stuff
Ironhide probably one of the coolest
characters from all generation 1 he was
definitely one of my favorites
especially for my cartoons his toy the
van looks great the robot form not so
much him and ratchet kind of got screwed
when it came to their robot forms but
I'm pretty sure these were based off of
the old i believe it was diaclone or
micro man one of the japanese toy lines
it as bro ripped off to basically create
the transformers but there he is in his
1980 nissan cherry bayonet guess is what
a space off though he's got an Autobot
symbol there little sunroof action and
this one came with the rub symbol
already installed there on the back I'm
not sure if that's where it's supposed
to go but that's where it is okay what a
bottom shot there for you look at he's
got real rubber tires and he does have
little bits and pieces of diecast on
he's a pretty nice toy I'll point those
out as I go but uh there he is looking
awesome and his bandmates all right to
transform him super easy all i gotta do
is separate the top half of the band
which becomes his battle station from
Ironhide himself I'll get to that
transformation after this but simple as
can be at the bottoms here and
create his feet and pretty sure his feet
or the die katze their next thing you
want to do is just grab his arms pull
them out to the sides here like so okay
and then pop his which should be his
chest down but his face is behind the
windshield here as a sticker that's why
most people aided this toilet I don't
know if you can really see it all that
well but on the driver's seat here
there's a terrible little like tribal
sticker that's supposed to pass for his
face ratchet and iodide both got this
god-awful treatment and that's why most
people kind of revolted against the toy
compared to the cartoon but uh there's
his arms he does have little fists let's
see if I twist it around I and ago he
does have little fists that you can see
that's pretty much his robot
transformation a super short I mean
there's size comparison he's probably
three and a half inches tall so not much
to say about that let's get to his
battle station the battle station is
actually pretty cool and kind of saves
his toy I guess she want to do is pop
that part down like that and he's got a
bunch of chrome pieces underneath of it
they become like rolling tank treads I
guess there's one these guys to get out
bitch of a pain
come on so you can get my fingers there
we go jump down like that you want to
just and down so their level the other
tread like so okay and then the top
splits pulls down Yung sign you get a
big old honking missile launcher ready
to tear it up okay so get a good shot of
the stickers and details and there's
little seat here I guess I meant for the
little micro man type guy to sit in
blood there's the battle station some of
the accessories you came with is this
little gun post ninety-nine percent of
the time if you have the g1 toy this
piece is missing since this is brand-new
reissue I have it it's the gun post for
this semi awkward looking gun with the
big hole in the top I don't know what
that's all about but there's that he
came with three little missiles like so
I only took one off the tree because
really only need one and boom there was
his battle station ready to destroy any
oncoming Decepticon since Ironhide was a
brawler this toy does fit on to this
battle station he sees pegs on the side
of the launcher you just way to get them
on there is to slide and down over those
and onto the toy like so that's Ironhide
with this battle station fully
transformed you get my fingers out of
the way there you go nice shot front and
stuff there he's a cool toy I mean if
you can if you really like the g1 toys
I'd say pick them up with your huge fan
benign hides a great character you can
get to reissue pretty cheap probably if
you're paying more than 40 bucks forward
with shipping I'd say you're being had
but uh there's g1 Ironhide let me know
what you guys think there